Add an initial checklist to the performance troubleshooting page (#6766)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Performance_troubleshooting/en.md

Unfortunately, due to the scope of hardware which osu! runs on, it's very hard to ensure optimal performance for every single user. This page aims to help you self-diagnose performance issues you have, but also provides specific terms you can learn (and checks you can perform) to help us help you when you reach out for support.

## Things to check

- Are you using a skin? If so, try switching to the default and see if things improve. Some skins can be crafted in a way which can cause performance issues on some or all systems.

> - Is your frame limiter set to "unlimited"? Set it to "optimal" and see if it helps. Read down for more information on why "unlimited" is usually not the best choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Is your frame limiter set to "unlimited"? Set it to "optimal" and see if it helps. See [its section below](#unlimited) for more information on why "unlimited" is usually not the best choice.
```
